---
type: 'changelog'
date: 2023-10-11
slug: '2023-10-11'
title: 10 new indices including epss and vulnerability-aliases
highlights:
 - 'New indices: epss, vulnerability-aliases, and threat-actors'
 - 'More Indices: kubernetes, rustsec-advisories, hashicorp, wolfssl, zoom, and salesforce'
---

### SalesForce Security Advisories

SalesForce security advisories are official notifications released by SalesForce to address security vulnerabilities and updates in their software products. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure the security of their systems.


[Browse the `salesforce` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=salesforce){:target="_blank"}


### VulnCheck Threat Actors Data

The VulnCheck Threat Actors index contains data related to various threat actors.


[Browse the `threat-actors` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=threat-actors){:target="_blank"}


### EPSS Data

The Exploit Prediction Scoring System (EPSS) is a data-driven effort for estimating the probability that a software vulnerability will be exploited in the wild.


[Browse the `epss` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=epss){:target="_blank"}


### Vulnerability Aliases

The Vulnerability Aliases index contains the names or aliases associated with a particular vulnerability. Examples: Log4Shell, LogJam, Heartbleed, etc.


[Browse the `vulnerability-aliases` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=vulnerability-aliases){:target="_blank"}


### WolfSSL Vulnerabilities

WolfSSL security vulnerabilities are official notifications released by WolfSSL to address security vulnerabilities and updates in their software products. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure the security of their systems.


[Browse the `wolfssl` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=wolfssl){:target="_blank"}


### Zoom Security Bulletins

Zoom security bulletins are official notifications released by Zoom to address security vulnerabilities and updates in their software products. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure the security of their systems.


[Browse the `zoom` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=zoom){:target="_blank"}


### HashiCorp Security Updates

HashiCorp security updates are official notifications released by HashiCorp to address security vulnerabilities and updates in their software products. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure the security of their systems.


[Browse the `hashicorp` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=hashicorp){:target="_blank"}

### Kubernetes Security Issues

Kubernetes security issues are official notifications released by the Kubernetes Security Response Committee to address security vulnerabilities and updates in their software products. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure the security of their systems.


[Browse the `kubernetes` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=kubernetes){:target="_blank"}


### RustSec Advisories

RustSec Advisories are security advisories filed against crates published via crates.io and are maintained by the Rust Secure Code Working Group.


[Browse the `rustsec-advisories` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=rustsec-advisories){:target="_blank"}

