---
type: 'changelog'
date: 2023-07-25
slug: '2023-07-25'
title: 'Fix to github-exploits, and new indexes'
add: true
update: true
highlights:
  - 'Fixes to the github-exploits backup'
  - 'New Indexes: vulncheck-nvd, eol and many more'
---

### Fixes to the github-exploits backup
Fixes to the github-exploits backup file now allow users to view the more than 3,000 github-exploits references and metadata exclusive to github.com.

[Browse `github-exploits`](https://vulncheck.com/api?index=github-exploits)

### New Index: vulncheck-nvd
NVD 2.0 CVE data formatted according to the NVD 1.0 CVE schema augmented with VulnCheck data.

[Browse `vulncheck-nvd`](https://vulncheck.com/api?index=vulncheck-nvd)

### New Index: eol

The VulnCheck EOL index contains a set of operating systems with associated end-of-life and long term support information.

[Browse `eol`](https://vulncheck.com/api?index=eol)

### New Index: ubuntu
Ubuntu security advisories are official notifications released by Ubuntu to address security vulnerabilities and updates in their software products. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure the security of their systems.

[Browse `ubuntu`](https://vulncheck.com/api?index=ubuntu)


### New Index: fedora
Fedora security advisories are official notifications released by Fedora to address security vulnerabilities and updates in their software products. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure the security of their systems.

[Browse `fedora`](https://vulncheck.com/api?index=fedora)

### New Index: oracle
Oracle security advisories are official notifications released by Oracle to address security vulnerabilities and updates in their software products. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure the security of their systems.

[Browse `oracle`](https://vulncheck.com/api?index=oracle)

### New Index: gigabyte

Gigabyte security advisories are official notifications released by Gigabyte to address security vulnerabilities and updates in their software products. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure the security of their systems.

[Browse `gigabyte`](https://vulncheck.com/api?index=gigabyte)

### New Index: elastic
Elasticsearch security advisories are official notifications released by Elasticsearch to address security vulnerabilities and updates in their software products. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure the security of their systems.

[Browse `elastic`](https://vulncheck.com/api?index=elastic)

### New Index: draytek
DrayTek security advisories are official notifications released by DrayTek to address security vulnerabilities and updates in their software products. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure the security of their systems.

[Browse `draytek`](https://vulncheck.com/api?index=draytek)


### New Index: dragos
Dragos security advisories are official notifications released by Dragos to address security vulnerabilities and updates in their software products. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure the security of their systems.

[Browse `dragos`](https://vulncheck.com/api?index=dragos)

### New Index: dotcms
dotCMS security advisories are official notifications released by dotCMS to address security vulnerabilities and updates in their software products. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure the security of their systems.

[Browse `dotcms`](https://vulncheck.com/api?index=dotcms)
