---
type: 'changelog'
date: 2023-08-03
slug: '2023-08-03'
title: 'BlackHat USA 2023 and 6 new indexes'
add: true
update: true
highlights:
  - "We have a booth at BlackHat. Come say hi!"
  - "New Indices: schneider-electric, dell, arch, debian, rocky, and wolfi"
---

### Meet the VulnCheck team at Black Hat USA 2023

The VulnCheck team will be at Black Hat USA 2023 in Las Vegas on August 5-10, 2023 at booth SC104 in Startup City. If you're going to be around for the event, come drop by!

### New Index: schneider-electric
Schneider Electric security notifications are official notifications released by Schneider Electric to address security vulnerabilities and updates in their software products. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure the security of their systems.

[Browse the `schneider-electric` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=schneider-electric)


### New Index: dell
Dell security advisories are official notifications released by Dell to address security vulnerabilities and updates in their software products. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure the security of their systems.

[Browse the `dell` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=dell)


### New Index: arch

Arch Linux's rolling-release model ensures that security patches are promptly released and distributed to users, minimizing the exposure to known vulnerabilities and providing a relatively secure system when kept up to date.

[Browse the `arch` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=arch)

### New Index: debian

The Debian security team actively identifies and addresses these vulnerabilities by releasing timely security updates and advisories, ensuring a more secure environment for Debian users.

[Browse the `debian` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=debian)


### New Index: rocky

The Rocky Linux community and development team work diligently to identify and address vulnerabilities by providing regular security updates and advisories, helping to maintain a more secure environment for Rocky Linux users.


[Browse the `rocky` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=rocky)

### New Index: wolfi

Wolfi is a new community Linux undistribution that combines the best aspects of existing container base images with default security measures that will include software signatures powered by Sigstore, provenance, and software bills of material (SBOM).


[Browse the `wolfi` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=wolfi)

