---
type: 'changelog'
date: 2023-03-15
slug: '2023-03-15'
title: '2 New Endpoints, New/Updated Indices'
add: true
update: true
highlights:
  - "New Endpoint: Request vulns related to a PURL"
  - "Snort Rule added to initial-access index"
  - "New Endpoint: Request vulns related to a CPE"
  - "New Index: Debian Security Tracker"
---


## Request vulnerabilities related to a PURL

Based on the specified PURL, this endpoint will return a list of vulnerabilities that are related to the package. We currently support hex, golang, hackage, npm, and pypi

[View this endpoint in the API Reference](https://vulncheck.com/api/#PURL)


## Snort Rule added to initial-access index
We have added a new JSON value field to the initial-access index called `snortRule`, this indicates that VulnCheck has developerd a custom Snort rule for the initial access vulnerability.

[Browse the initial-access index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=initial-access)

[Snort](https://snort.org/) is an open source intrusion prevention system (IPS) that can be used to detect malicious network activity. It is a lightweight, fast, and flexible network intrusion detection system (NIDS) that can be used to detect a wide variety of attacks, including buffer overflows, stealth port scans, CGI attacks, SMB probes, OS fingerprinting attempts, and much more. <br>

## Request vulnerabilities related to a CPE

Based on the specified CPE (Common Platform Enumeration) URI string, this endpoint will return a list of vulnerabilities that are related to the package. We support v2.2, v2.3

[View this endpoint in the API Reference](https://vulncheck.com/api/#CPE)


## New Index: Debian Security Tracker

Debian Security Tracker - `debian-security-tracker` index is a service that provides information and updates on security vulnerabilities and issues affecting Debian packages and software. The Debian Security Tracker is a centralized repository for security-related information about Debian packages, including vulnerability reports, security advisories, and security updates. The tracker is designed to help users and administrators maintain the security of their Debian-based systems.

[Browse the debian-security-tracker index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=debian-security-tracker)
