---
type: 'changelog'
date: 2023-02-28
slug: '2023-02-28'
title: 'The New Changelog, 2 New Indices'
add: true
update: true
highlights:
  - "Welcome to the VulnCheck Changelog"
  - "New Indices: CNVD Flaws and CNVD Bulletins"
---

## Welcome to the VulnCheck Changelog

We're excited to announce the launch of the VulnCheck Changelog! This changelog will be updated regularly to provide information about new features, updates, and other changes to the VulnCheck API. We hope that this changelog will help you stay informed about the latest developments at VulnCheck, and that it will help you make the most of the VulnCheck API.

## What's Next?

As we add more indexes, endpoints, and updates to the VulnCheck API and new features to the VulnCheck Portal, we'll be sure to update this changelog to keep you informed. You can head over to [Profile and Settings](https://vulncheck.com/me) to configure if and how you will be notified.


## New Indexes: CNVD Flaws and CNVD Bulletins

The China National Vulnerability Database (CNVD) is a service responsible for collecting and sharing information about software vulnerabilities that affect Chinese information systems. The CNVD publishes advisories about security flaws and vulnerabilities that have been identified in software products and systems. These advisories typically include information about the nature of the vulnerability, the products or systems affected, and recommended steps for remediation or mitigation.

[Browse CNVD Flaws](https://vulncheck.com/api?index=cnvd-flaws)

[Browse CNVD Bulletins](https://vulncheck.com/api?index=cnvd-bulletins)
