---
type: 'changelog'
date: 2023-08-15
slug: '2023-08-15'
title: '12 new indexes including vulncheck-nvd2'
add: true
update: false
highlights:
  - "New Index: vulncheck-nvd2 - NIST NVD V2.0 data supplemented with VulnCheck Data"
  - "New Indices: twcert, vde, watchguard, vyaire, and ubiquiti"
  - "New Indices: usom, zimba, zyxel, yokogawa, nodejs, and hkcert"
---

### New Index: vulncheck-nvd2
NIST NVD 2.0 API data supplemented with VulnCheck Data

[Browse the `vulncheck-nvd2` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=vulncheck-nvd2)

### New Index: twcert

Taiwan CERT vulnerability notes are official notifications released by the Taiwan CERT to address security vulnerabilities and updates. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure security.

[Browse the `twcert` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=twcert)

### New Index: vde

VDE CERT advisories are official notifications released by VDE CERT to address security vulnerabilities and updates in their software products. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure the security of their systems.

[Browse the `vde` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=vde)

### New Index: watchguard

WatchGuard security advisories are official notifications released by WatchGuard to address security vulnerabilities and updates in their software products. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure the security of their systems.

[Browse the `watchguard` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=watchguard)


### New Index: vyaire

Vyaire security bulletins are official notifications released by Vyaire to address security vulnerabilities and updates in their software products. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure the security of their systems.

[Browse the `vyaire` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=vyaire)


### New Index: ubiquiti

Ubiquiti security advisorie bulletins are official notifications released by Dell to address security vulnerabilities and updates in their software products. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure the security of their systems.

[Browse the `ubiquiti` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=ubiquiti)

### New Index: usom

USOM security notices are official notifications released by the Turkey USOM TR-CERT to address security vulnerabilities and updates. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure the security of their systems.

[Browse the `usom` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=usom)


### New Index: zimbra

Zimbra security advisories are official notifications released by Zimbra to address security vulnerabilities and updates in their software products. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure the security of their systems.

[Browse the `zimbra` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=zimbra)

### New Index: zyxel

Zyxel security advisories are official notifications released by Zyxel to address security vulnerabilities and updates in their software products. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure the security of their systems.

[Browse the `zyxel` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=zyxel)


### New Index: yokogawa

Yokogawa security advisories are official notifications released by Yokogawa to address security vulnerabilities and updates in their software products. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure the security of their systems.


[Browse the `yokogawa` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=yokogawa)


### New Index: nodejs

NodeJS security release notices are official notifications released by NodeJS to address security vulnerabilities and updates in their software products. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure security.

[Browse the `nodejs` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=nodejs)


### New Index: hkcert

Hong Kong CERT security bulletins are official notifications released by the Hong Kong CERT to address security vulnerabilities and updates. These advisories provide important information about the vulnerabilities, their potential impact, and recommendations for users to apply necessary patches or updates to ensure security.

[Browse the `hkcert` index](https://vulncheck.com/api/?index=hkcert)
